src/common.blocks/like-button/like-button-docs/like-button.state.md, before:

<a name="top"></a>

[`Project documentation`](../../../../README.md#documentation)
[`LikeButton`](like-button.md)
[`LikeButton API`](like-button.API.md)

# LikeButton State

## Table of contents
1. [Description](#description)
2. [likesNumber](#likesnumber)
3. [isLiked](#isliked)


***

<a name="description"></a>

## Description
State contains 2 parameters:
1. [`likesNumber`](#likesnumber)
2. [`isLiked`](#isliked)

[Back to the top](#top)


***

<a name="likesnumber"></a>

## likesNumber

### Description
Presents current likes number.

### User events reactions
Does not have any user events reactions.

### Values
Possible values: `0 - unlimited`.

### Initial state
The value is taken from html (like button input).
> Note! There is no initial value check, so it can be unpredictable

### State dependencies
```js
isLiked = true --> likesNumber += 1
isLiked = false && likesNumber > 0 --> likesNumber -= 1
```

### State dependents
None

### Public API methods
[`getLikesNumber`](like-button.API.md#getlikesnumber)
[`setLikesNumber`](like-button.API.md#setlikesnumber)
[`setLikesNumberSubscriber`](like-button.API.md#setlikesnumbersubscriber)

### Should be added:
1. Value check for initial state

[Back to the top](#top)


***

<a name="isliked"></a>

## isLiked

### Description
Shows if like button is pressed.

### User events reactions
Toggles everytime like button is clicked.

### Values
Possible values: `true | false`

### Initial state
Sets `true` if button has `liked` class. Otherwise always `false`.

### State dependencies
None

### State dependents
```js
isLiked = true --> likesNumber += 1
isLiked = false && likesNumber > 0 --> likesNumber -= 1
```

### Public API methods
[`getIsLiked`](like-button.API.md#getisliked)
[`setIsLiked`](like-button.API.md#setisliked)
[`setIsLikedSubscriber`](like-button.API.md#setislikedsubscriber)

### Should be added:
1. In initial state: `likesNumber === 0 --> isLiked = false` with any initial `isLiked`.

[Back to the top](#top)

Commit message:

LikeButton: added initial state value check

src/common.blocks/like-button/like-button-docs/like-button.state.md, after:

<a name="top"></a>

[`Project documentation`](../../../../README.md#documentation)
[`LikeButton`](like-button.md)
[`LikeButton API`](like-button.API.md)

# LikeButton State

## Table of contents
1. [Description](#description)
2. [likesNumber](#likesnumber)
3. [isLiked](#isliked)


***

<a name="description"></a>

## Description
State contains 2 parameters:
1. [`likesNumber`](#likesnumber)
2. [`isLiked`](#isliked)

[Back to the top](#top)


***

<a name="likesnumber"></a>

## likesNumber

### Description
Presents current likes number.

### User events reactions
Does not have any user events reactions.

### Values
Possible values: `0 - unlimited`.

### Initial state
The value is taken from html (like button input).
If `likesNumber` initial value is lower then `0` - it will be changed to `0`.

### State dependencies
```js
isLiked = true --> likesNumber += 1
isLiked = false && likesNumber > 0 --> likesNumber -= 1
```

### State dependents
None

### Public API methods
[`getLikesNumber`](like-button.API.md#getlikesnumber)
[`setLikesNumber`](like-button.API.md#setlikesnumber)
[`setLikesNumberSubscriber`](like-button.API.md#setlikesnumbersubscriber)

### Should be added:
1. Value check for initial state

[Back to the top](#top)


***

<a name="isliked"></a>

## isLiked

### Description
Shows if like button is pressed.

### User events reactions
Toggles everytime like button is clicked.

### Values
Possible values: `true | false`

### Initial state
Sets `true` if button has `liked` class. Otherwise always `false`.
If `likesNumber === 0` - isLiked will always be `false`.

### State dependencies
None

### State dependents
```js
isLiked = true --> likesNumber += 1
isLiked = false && likesNumber > 0 --> likesNumber -= 1
```

### Public API methods
[`getIsLiked`](like-button.API.md#getisliked)
[`setIsLiked`](like-button.API.md#setisliked)
[`setIsLikedSubscriber`](like-button.API.md#setislikedsubscriber)

### Should be added:
1. In initial state: `likesNumber === 0 --> isLiked = false` with any initial `isLiked`.

[Back to the top](#top)
